# Bangladesh_-refugee_camps_infrastructure_damage
URL: http://i6.cims.nyu.edu/~mr4684/test/form.html

In this project, I use sqlite3 to manage my database and host it on a website where I give the user some options to filter results and view specific information.

# Information regarding the crisis: 
  The Rohingya Crisis is the biggest Refugee Crisis of 2018. The Rohingya is a minority group in Myanmar constituting one million people. Most of them live in the state of Rakhine. On the 25th of August 2017, the Rohingya Arsa Militants began to exercise violence in the form of what the United Nations describes as “ethnic cleansing”. To escape the terror, many Rohingya men, women and children have fled (bearing the perilous journey) to Cox’s Bazar, Bangladesh. Ever since, around 700, 000 refugees have arrived. Even before the latest exodus, there were already 307, 500 people living in the camps supplied by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
  To threaten the humanitarian crisis even further, Bangladesh is one of the most disaster-prone countries in the world, posing another grave threat to the unfortunate Rohingya Muslims. Aid groups are preparing to facilitate and relocate refugees to safer areas to protect them from the dangerous monsoon season where floods and landslides become commonplace. 
I wanted to search for a dataset that had information on the Rohingya refugee population in disaster-prone areas of Bangladesh. However, I was unable to find this information. Instead, I have found the latest revision of which infrastructure facilities for refugee camps are under risk of getting damaged by landslides and floods. The datafile has data regarding geographic location, type of settlement, type of facilities, source of funding and aid and risks of natural disasters like Landslides and Floods. Although, it was not the data I was looking for, this information can be very useful in analyzing the fatal loss of crucial facilities that barely meet the needs of the refugees. For example, if Distribution Centres (where food and water is distributed) are damaged, the local population can be deprived of basic needs for survival. Moreover, if places like Children Friendly Spaces and Women’s friendly Spaces are at risk of either Landslides and Floods,then it is an indicator that this section of the population are vulnerable to the same risks. As such, the involved local and international NGOs, UNHCR and the local government can take appropriate steps towards securing the safety of the refugees and finding other sources of facilitation. 



